[Improvement] Add instruction for custom documentation, regenerate embeddings (#29)
supabase-community/nextjs-openai-doc-search: README.md

### Configuration

> - `cp .env.example .env` or rename `.env.example` into .env

Reviewer: Might be best to stick with the `cp` for documentation purposes in case users want to fork/continue using this git repo. (`.env` shouldn't be committed to source control with creds/secrets so typically you would leave the `.env.example` in the repo).

Author: .env is listed in gitingore so it wouldnt be pushed. I will remove the line as it is understandable the renaming would work too

- Set your `OPENAI_KEY` in the newly created `.env` file.

> - Set ```NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY``` and ```SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY``` in .env

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY` and `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY` in `.env`
```

Author: Fixed

supabase start
```

> To retrieve ```NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY``` and ```SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY``` you have to run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To retrieve `NEXT_PUBLIC_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY` and `SUPABASE_SERVICE_ROLE_KEY` run:
```

Author: Modified

pnpm dev
```

### Using your custom .mdx docs
1. By default your documentation will need to be in `.mdx` format. This can be done by renaming existing (or compatible) markdown `.md` file.
2. Run `pnpm run embeddings` to regenerate embeddings.

> > Note: Make sure supabase is running. To check, run `supabase status`. If is not running run `supabase start`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > Note: Make sure supabase is running. To check, run `supabase status`. If is not running run `supabase start`.
```

pnpm dev
```

### Using your custom .mdx docs

> 1. Make sure your documentation is in .mdx format. This can be done by renaming exisiting(or compatible) markdown .md file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. By default your documentation will need to be in `.mdx` format. This can be done by renaming existing (or compatible) markdown `.md` file.
```

Author: Modified

> 2. Run ```pnpm run embeddings``` to regenerate embeddings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run `pnpm run embeddings` to regenerate embeddings.
```

Author: removed quotes

> >Note: Make sure supabase is running. To check, run ```supabase status```. If is not running run ```supabase start```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: Make sure supabase is running. To check, run `supabase status`. If is not running run `supabase start`.
```

Author: Modified

> 3. Run ```pnpm dev``` again to refresh NextJS localhost:3000 rendered page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run `pnpm dev` again to refresh NextJS localhost:3000 rendered page.
```

Author: removed quotes
